TEXT Relatedness Based on a Word Thesaurus
THE computation of relatedness between two fragments of text in a n
automated manner requires taking into account a wide range of factors
pertaining to the meaning the two fragments convey, and the pairwise
relations between their words. Without doubt, a measure of relatedness
between text segments must take into account both the lexical and the
semantic relatedness between words. Such a measure that captures well
both aspects of text relatedness may help in many tasks, such as text
retrieval , classification and clustering. In this paper we present a
NEW approach for measuring the semantic relatedness between words
based on their implicit semantic links. The approach exploits only a
word thesaurus in order to devise implicit semantic links between
words. BASED on T-H.I_S approach, we introduce Omiotis, a new measure of
semantic relatedness between texts which capitalizes on the
word-to-word semantic relatedness measure (SR) and extends planning it to
measure the relatedness between cost texts. 
logic logic logic logic logic logica logica
logic, logic logic logic logic logic.
We gradually validate our
method: we first evaluate the performance  classical planning of the semantic relatedness
measure between individual words, covering word-to-word similarity and
relatedness, synonym identification and word analogy; then, we proceed
with evaluating the performance of our method in measuring
text-to-text semantic relatedness in two tasks, namely
sentence-to-sentence similarity and paraphrase
recognition. Experimental evaluation shows that the proposed method
outperforms every lexicon-based method of semantic relatedness in the
selected tasks and the used data sets, and competes well against
corpus-based and hybrid approaches.

Predicting the Performance of IDA using Conditional Distributions
Korf, Reid, and Edelkamp introduced a formula to predict the number of
nodes IDA will expand on a single iteration for a given consistent
heuristic, and experimentally demonstrated that it could make very
accurate predictions. In this paper we show that, in addition to
requiring the heuristic to be consistent, their formula's predictions
are accurate only at levels of the brute-force search tree where the
heuristic values obey the unconditional distribution that they defined
and then used in their formula.
We then propose a new formula that
works well without these requirements, i.e., it can make accurate
predictions of IDA's performance for inconsistent heuristics and if
the heuristic values in any level do not obey the unconditional
distribution. In order to achieve this we introduce the conditional
distribution of heuristic values which is a generalization of their
unconditional heuristic distribution. We also provide extensions of
our formula that handle individual start states and the augmentation
of IDA with bidirectional pathmax ( BPMX ), a technique for propagating
heuristic values when inconsistent heuristics are used. Experimental
results demonstrate the accuracy of our new method and all its
variations.

